What is jQuery?

jQuery is a small, fast and lightweight JavaScript library.
jQuery is platform-independent.
jQuery means "write less do more".
jQuery simplifies AJAX call and DOM manipulation.
It is very fast and extensible.
It facilitates the users to write UI related function codes in minimum possible lines.
It improves the performance of an application.
Browser's compatible web applications can be developed.
It uses mostly new features of new browsers.

How to Apply CSS Using JQuery, How to Add Class and Remove Class in Jquery , JQuery Animation?

Apply css() Method
The css() method in jQuery is used for the purpose of either fetching or applying one or more style properties to an HTML element.
Syntax
To apply a CSS property.
css("property", "value");
To fetch a CSS property.

The addClass() or removeClass() methods are used to add the CSS classes when there is a need to add to our webpage when there is some event listener or to create some kind of effect.

In this article, let us see how can we add a CSS class or remove a CSS class in jQuery.

Syntax:

Adding a class:
$('selector').addClass(class_name);
Removing a class:
$('selector').removeClass(class_name);


jQuery animate() Method
The jQuery animate() method performs custom animation using element's style properties. The animate() method changes existing style properties to the specified properties with motion.

Specify a selector to get the reference of an element to which you want to add animation effect and then call animate() method with JSON object for style properties, speed of animation and other options.

Syntax:
$('selector expression').animate({ stylePropertyName : 'value'},
                                duration,
                                easing, 
                                callback);

$('selector expression').animate({ propertyName : 'value'},{ options });

How to create slider with animation?

jQuery UI consists of GUI widgets, visual effects, and themes implemented using jQuery, CSS, and HTML. jQuery UI is great for building UI interfaces for the webpages. jQueryUI provides us a slider control through the slider widget. Slider helps us to get a certain value using a given range. In this article, we will see how to animate a slider. The animate option when set to true will create an animation effect when you directly click at any point on the slider’s axis

Syntax:

$(".selector").slider(
   { animate: value }
);




